Update linux.md (#3835)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/run-tunnel/as-a-service/linux.md

## Running `cloudflared` as a service

> Instructions on how to install `cloudflared` for Linux can be found [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/installation/#linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This is Step 1 in the link below.

> Follow up to step 4 [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-guide/#4-create-a-configuration-file) then proceed with the following. At this point `cloudflared` should be installed, authenticated, and have a `config.yml` file in the `.cloudflared` directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete steps 1 through 4 in the [CLI setup guide](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-guide/). At this point `cloudflared` should be installed, authenticated, and have a `config.yml` file in the `.cloudflared` directory. 
```
